1. Author
Viacheslav Shapoval

2. Program Description
This program implements a generic, templated doubly linked list.
It features dynamic memory management, deep copying, exception safety via
the copy-and-swap idiom, and highly optimized O(min(index, n - index))
traversal for positional operations.

3. Compilation Instructions
Compile the program and use the following command:
g++ -std=c++11 -Wall -Wextra -Wpedantic -Wconversion -fsanitize=address,
undefined -fno-omit-frame-pointer main.cpp -o linkedlist

Run the executable:
./linkedlist

4. Move Constructor Description
The move constructor transfers ownership of an existing list's node chain to
a new list object. It assigns the head, tail, and elementCount from the source
object to the new object, and then sets the source object's pointers to nullptr
 and count to 0. It doesn't allocate any new nodes or touch the internal values.

5. Move-Assignment Operator Description
The move-assignment operator utilizes the highly efficient "move-and-swap" idiom. 
Instead of manually clearing the destination list's nodes, it simply swaps its 
internal pointers with the source list. This instantly transfers ownership of the 
new node chain to the destination while pushing the old memory into the temporary 
source list. When the source list goes out of scope, its destructor automatically 
and safely cleans up the old nodes.

6. O(1) List Moving Explanation
Moving an entire linked list operates in O(1) time because the operation only
 involves reassigning three member variables (the head pointer, tail pointer,
 and element count). The node chain itself remains untouched in memory,
 completely bypassing the need to iterate through or allocate individual nodes.

7. Time Complexity of Public Operations
- Default Constructor: O(1)
- Destructor: O(n)
- Copy Constructor: O(n)
- Copy-Assignment: O(n)
- Move Constructor: O(1)
- Move-Assignment: O(n) to destroy existing nodes, O(1) for the transfer
- pushFront / pushBack: O(1)
- popFront / popBack: O(1)
- front / back: O(1)
- at (const & non-const): O(min(index, n - index))
- insert (lvalue & rvalue): O(min(index, n - index))
- erase: O(min(index, n - index))
- clear: O(n)
- swap: O(1)
- empty / size: O(1)
- print: O(n)

8. Testing Strategy
The main.cpp test driver utilizes a systematic, macro-driven evaluation
 structure to run 22 distinct assertions. It verifies boundary conditions
 (front, back, middle), exception throwing for out-of-bounds queries, and
 deep-copy independence. A custom MoveTracker class equipped with static
 counters mathematically verifies that memory managers invoke constant-time
 pointer pilfering without triggering deep copies or individual element moves
 during O(1) ownership transfers.

10. Known Defects
There are no known defects, memory leaks, or incomplete requirements.
All list invariants are maintained and AddressSanitizer reports zero errors.
